I have a question.
Is it okay to endure the cruel fate of the stone throwers?
Or is it okay to face the sea-less difficulties and stand up to fight?
Death is too late to sleep.
If the pain of the heart is gone and the suffering of the shipwreck that is hanging around this flesh is seen,
it is the great end of the world that the upper world wishes for.
Death is too late to sleep.
Perhaps you are dreaming.
There is a touch there.
When you let go of this burden of the sea-less difficulties,
what kind of dream will you see in the cold sleep?
That is the heart.
The suffering of the shipwreck is long-lasting from us.
This is the end of the world.
The world is easy to live in with just one sword.
But you are the ones who are suffering.
The world is cruel and shameful.
The opposite is terrible.
The king and queen of the Yatsubara.
The pain of love that cannot be fulfilled.
The frustration of the long trial.
The existence of the servants.
Will the unwise question Honda He fantasies of my god with no hands?
If his anguish are not broken,
they may return from another land long- wandering,
lumping together아서
Even a single person's homeland is a country that never returns.
You don't know?
Rather than going to one country, you should go to the present.
Just like that, because you have a strong conscience, people become afraid.
Just like that, because your determination is to overcome the difficulties,
you should go to the present.
Just like that, because you have a strong conscience, people become afraid.
Just like that, because your determination is to overcome the difficulties,
you should go to the present.
Thank you.
That's it.